Add the Querying Arrays Workout (#1744)
enkidevs/curriculum: mongodb/intro/querying-arrays/querying-an-array-with-the-all-operator-iv.md

---
author: Stefan-Stojanovic

aspects:
  - introduction

type: normal

category: must-know

links:

---
# Querying An Array With The $all Operator
---
## Content

Now that we know how to query an array for a single value, let's increase the value count and add additional query operators for a more precise query.

Querying the same database as before [1].

```js
db.pokedex.find({
  spells: ["Seed Bomb", "Bite", "Hydro-Pump"]
});
```
The above method searches for any documents that contain the `spells` field and looks only for the documents that have "Seed Bomb" as the first value, "Bite" as the second and "Hydro-Pump" as the third value. Giving us the output:

```javascript
{
  _id: ObjectId("5d9d8a6a0b24990f19398209"),
  name: "Bulbasaur",
  type: "Grass",
  power: 311,
  spells: ["Seed Bomb", "Bite", "Hydro-Pump"]
},
```

If we wanted to search which array contains the above 3 values, regardless of the order they are in, we would do so by adding the `$all` operator. 

> **Note:** The `$all` operator behaves the same as the `$and` operator(discussed in the `Querying Operators` workout).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The `$all` operator behaves the same as the `$and` operator (discussed in the `Querying Operators` workout).
```

Author: ![Capture](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22899166/70907021-0ab9d700-2008-11ea-93f3-03d111bfa217.PNG)

Reviewer: Sure but the operators don't behave the same, they just have overlapping behavior.

Reviewer: Saying operators behave the same means that we can use `$all` or `$and` interchangeably, which isn't the case.

Author: True, I'll commit the suggested change

Reviewer: I'd go even further and maybe say:

```suggestion
**Note:** A query written with the `$all` operator can also be written with the `$and` operator (as discussed in the `Querying Operators` workout).
```

What do you think?
